One cow asks another cow, "Are you afraid of mad cow disease?" The other cow says, "Why should I be? I'm a helicopter."/
Doctor: "I'm sorry but you suffer from a terminal illness and have only 10 to live." Patient: "What do you mean, 10? 10 what? Months? Weeks?!" Doctor: "Nine."/
My old aunts would come and tease me at weddings, "Well Sarah? Do you think you’ll be next?" We’ve settled this quickly once I’ve started doing the same to them at funerals./
A doctor accidentally prescribes his patient a laxative instead of a coughing syrup. Three days later the patient comes for a check-up and the doctor asks: "Well? Are you still coughing?" The patient replies: "No. I’m afraid to."/
Job interviewer: "And where would you see yourself in five years' time Mr. Jeffries?" Mr. Jeffries: "Personally I believe my biggest weakness is in listening."/
An old grandma brings a bus driver a bag of peanuts every day. First the bus driver enjoyed the peanuts but after a week of eating them he asked: "Please granny, don't bring me peanuts anymore. Have them yourself." The granny answers: "You know, I don't have teeth anymore. I just prefer to suck the chocolate around them."/
Dentist: "This will hurt a little." Patient: "OK." Dentist: "I’ve been having an affair with your wife for a while now."/
I got another letter from this lawyer today. It said "Final Notice". Good that he will not bother me anymore./
I dreamed I was forced to eat a giant marshmallow. When I woke up, my pillow was gone./
An eskimo brings his friend to his home for a visit. When they arrive, his friend asks, puzzled – "So where’s your igloo?" The friend replies "Oh no, I must’ve left the iron on…"/
"Can you please hold my hand?"A mother asks her son: "Anton, do you think I’m a bad mom?" Son: "My name is Paul."/
Doctor: You're obese. Patient: For that I definitely want a second opinion. Doctor: You’re quite ugly, too./
Two donkeys are standing at a roadside, one asks the other: So, shall we cross? The other shakes his head: "No way, look at what happened to the zebra."/
Guest to the waiter: "Can you bring me what the lady at the next table is having?" Waiter: "Sorry, sir, but I’m pretty sure she wants to eat it herself."/
"Mom, where do tampons go?" "Where the babies come from, darling." "In the stork?"/
A husband and a wife sit at the table, having dinner. The woman drops a bit of tomato sauce on her white top. "Oh no, I look like a pig!" The man nods, "And you dropped tomato sauce on your top!"/
Husband: Wow, honey, you look really different today. Did you do something to your hair? Wife: Michael, I’m over here!/
Boy complains to his father: You told me to put a potato in my swimming trunks! You said it would impress the girls at the pool! But you forgot to mention one thing! Father: Really, what? Boy: That the potato should go in the front./
One of the most wonderful things in life is to wake up and enjoy a cuddle with somebody; unless you are in prison./
One company owner asks another: "Tell me, Bill, how come your employees are always on time in the mornings?" Bill replies: "Easy. 30 employees and 20 parking spaces."/
Man to his priest: "Yesterday I sinned with an 18 year old girl." The priest: "Squeeze 18 lemons and drink the juice all at once." Man: "And that frees me from my sin?" Priest: "No, but it frees your face from that dirty grin."/
Doctor: “I’ve found a great new drug that can help you with your sleeping problem.” Patient: “Great, how often do I have to take it?” Doctor: “Every two hours.”/ 
I heard a report about a bad outbreak of the tummy bug, apparently 9 out of 10 people there suffered from diarrhea. I can’t stop thinking about that tenth person who apparently enjoyed it./
On a mountain trip a man falls down into a crack. His wife calls after him, "Are you OK?" "Yeah!" "Are you hurt?" "No!""Not a scratch? How come?!" "I’m not done falling yet-et-et-et-et!"/
Policeman: I'm very sorry, sir, but it looks like your wife got hit by a bus. Man: I’m aware of that, but Karen has a wonderful personality./
"My wife suffers from a drinking problem.""Oh is she an alcoholic?""No, I am, but she’s the one who suffers."/
I managed to lose my rifle when I was in the army. I had to pay $855 to cover the loss. I’m starting to understand why a Navy captain always goes down with his ship./
Coco Chanel once said that you should put perfume on places where you want to be kissed by a man. But hell does that burn!/
A wife is like a hand grenade. Take off the ring and say good bye to your house./
What is invisible and smells of worms? A bird’s fart./
Patient: Oh Doctor, I’m starting to forget things. Doctor: Since when have you had this condition? Patient: What condition?/
It has four legs and it can fly, what is it? Two birds./
Little Red Riding Hood walks all alone through the deep dark wood. Suddenly she hears rustling in a thick bush. Cautiously she moves the branches aside and finds herself facing the big bad wolf."Oh, Big Bad Wolf, why do you have such huge red eyes?" "Go away! I'm crapping!"/
Doctor: "Do you do sports?" Patient: "Does sex count?" Doctor: "Yes." Patient: "Then no."/
Oh darling, since you’ve started dieting, you’ve become such a passionate kisser… What do you mean, passionate? I’m looking for food remains!/
I called a suicide hotline in Iraq. They got excited and asked if I could drive a truck./
Harry prays to God: Dear Lord, please make me win the lottery. The next day Harry begs the Lord again: Please make it so I win the lottery, Lord! The next day, Harry again prays: Please, please, dear Lord, make me win the lottery! Suddenly he hears a voice from above: Harry, would you kindly go and buy a lottery ticket./
Need cheering up? Start a fight with somebody when they have the hiccoughs!/
A woman comes home late in the night and goes quietly in the bedroom. To her surprise, she sees male and female feet peeking out from under the blanket. Shocked and raging, she gets her baseball bat and beats and beats until all movement stops. After that she goes into the living room and sees her husband laying on the sofa. He turns to her half asleep: "Oh, you're home, darling. I'm afraid we have to sleep here tonight, my parents came for a surprise visit."/
Me and my wife, we've decided that we don't want to have children. So anybody who wants one can leave us their phone number and address and we will bring you one./
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snowballs./
Police: "Open the door!" Man: "I don’t want any balls!" Police: "What? We don’t have balls!" Man: "I know."/
A chubbier woman: Mirror, Mirror on the wall, who’s the fairest of them all? Mirror: "Kindly move aside. I can’t see anything."/
Mr. Smith: "Doctor, do you remember this strengthening solution you prescribed me yesterday?" Doctor: "Yes, what’s the matter?" Mr. Smith: "I would like to use it but I can’t open the bottle!"/
Patient: Oh doctor, I’m just so nervous. This is my first operation. Doctor: Don't worry. Mine too./
Wait for me honey, I’m just finishing my make-up. You don’t need make-up, Jane. Oh, Richard…. really? That is so sweet of you! You need plastic surgery./
"Daddy, what is an alcoholic?""Do you see those 4 trees, son? An alcoholic would see 8 trees.""Um, Dad – there are only 2 trees."/
Doctor: Hello, did you come to see me with an eye problem? Patient: Wow, yes, how can you tell? Doctor: Because you came in through the window instead of the door./
Waiter, there’s a fly twitching in my soup!"And what do you expect for the price? A ballet?!"/
Patient: Doctor help me please, every time I drink a cup of coffee I get this intense stinging in my eye. Doctor: I suggest you remove the spoon before drinking./
Men 1845: I just killed a buffalo.Men 1952: I just fixed the roof.Men 2017: I just shaved my legs./
How can you tell your acne is really starting to get out of hand? The blind start reading your face./
I was sitting in a bar one day and two really large women came in, talking in an interesting accent. So I said, “Cool accent, are you two ladies from Ireland?” One of them snarled at me, “It’s Wales, dumbo!” So I corrected myself, “Oh, right, so are you two whales from Ireland?” That’s about as far as I remember./
I can’t believe I forgot to go to the gym today. That’s 7 years in a row now./
The inventor of AutoCorrect is a stupid mass hole. He can fake right off./
A naked women robbed a bank. Nobody could remember her face./
Mama kangaroo is jumping along the bush. Suddenly, a small penguin peeks out of her pouch, vomits and says, "Damn this student exchange!"/
Where do we get virgin wool from? Ugly sheep./
Doctor: "Well - Mrs. Smith, it would seem that you're pregnant." Mrs. Smith: "Sweet Jesus, that's wonderful, I'm pregnant?!" Doctor: "I only said that it seems so. Here's our weight loss brochure."/
Why is women’s soccer so rare? It’s quite hard to find enough women willing to wear the same outfit./
Wife calls her mother: "Today I fought so much with my husband. I am coming to live with you again." Mother: "No. He should pay for his mistake. I am coming to live with you."/
I was making Russian tea. Unfortunately I cannot fish the teabag out of the vodka bottle./
"Waiter, the steak is smelling very strongly of liquor!" - The waiter backs up 3 steps and asks, "How’s that now?"/
Guest at a restaurant: "I refuse to eat this roast beef. Please call the manager" Waiter: "That’s no use. He won’t eat it either."/

